Hello everyone and welcome to the solutions lecture.
For the first javascript exercise and part three let's hop to the editor and get started.
OK so here have my text editor of the HTML document open and I've linked it to my script Jap's in my
script that just is currently empty.
So right now if I refresh this page nothing actually happens.
So let's actually add in the logic that we need to convert this.
So I'm going to create a variable Elba's for pounds and I'm going to set it equal to the prompt which
asks way in pounds questionmark than what I'm going to do is create other variable called kilogrammes
for K.G. which is equal to the variable LDS or Pownce times zero point 4 5 for.
And then I'm going to alert the user that is now let's concatenate it with the kilograms E.A.G. plus
and then say kilogrammes and note my spacing here that we it actually reads nicely and let's add some
semi colons here and we're going to talk more about semi-colons later on.
It's actually not necessary to have them here on each line but it's good practice.
And then we're going to add in a log to this.
So if you just start typing log you'll actually get the whole consulate log there.
And I will say conversion
Sadowitz refresh this page and see what happens says wait impounds I'll say 100 lbs tells me it's forty
five point four kilograms OK and I get conversion complete at the bottom and that's really all there
was to it.
So again just four lines of Javascript.
And hopefully now you feel really comfortable setting a variable using prompt using alert and using
council that log if you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
I'll see all at the next lecture.